Viraj ---> We all have rights but in life, responsibilities are also important.
Every right has a coressponding responsibilty. They make us feel good about ourselves,
keep our lives balanced, help to make our community better and also to make us good citizens.
Each one of us should understand rights and responsibilities are and we should follow the same in letter and spirit.
1) As students we have a right to go to school but our responsibilities are to :
a) Come to school on time
b) Keep the school clean
c) Respect our teachers 
d) Complete our work
2) We have right to watch TV but we should not watch it for too long

Aayan ---> Responsibilities? Why do we need responsibilities? 
We are too young to have responsibilities and our parents complete all our basic needs for us.
Like:
a) Pay the school fees
b) Buy our food,toys,books, clothes and all other things that we children need
c) They also make sure that our rooms are clean 
d) Keep our clothes in the washing machine
e) They help us in completing our work
Also, we don't need to keep the school clean as the didi's over there can clean it for us.

Shreyan ---> We should not make a mess otherwise the didis will get tired! 
We have to understand our responsibilities and be independant as we are in class 5 and are almost teenagers. 
Soon our parents will not be able complete all our needs.
If we don't complete our responsibilities right now then we will have lots of difficulties in the future
Also our parents should not complete our work for us, we should keep the clothes in the washing machine by ourselves.
They won't by the food,toys,books, clothes and all other things that we children need forever.
We should also make sure our rooms are clean by ourselves.

Aadvik ---> These days technology has become very advanced and we can definetly rely on technology for all our responsibilities.
For example : 
we have lots of platforms like (cambly kids,coursera,byju,vedantu and many more) 
where we can take online classes and get taught by any teacher at any time around the world at our convenience
We won't have to come to an online class on time as we can schedule a time which we are comfortable with making online classes a really convinient option for us.
We also don't need to keep an online class clean as it is a virtual classroom as opposed to a real one!

Vivaan --->
We should really do all our responsibilities by ourselves and not be too dependant on technology as it also has lots of disadvantages.
Like:
1)too much screen time will give us specs, offline classes decrease our screen time.
2)in online classes, we won't be able to meet our friends and as a result, will get bored and will also become lazy and sick.
3)offline classes boast lots of competitions that we can participate in to show our talent. But in an online class, this is not possible
4)offline classes also have lots of physical activities like Dance,Playing break and the most loved by every child ...... Physical education! Also known as P.E! 